RC: Default maintenance windows for Essentials databases (#455)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance/set-maintenance-windows.md

By default, Redis will maintain your Redis Cloud subscriptions and databases as needed. During maintenance, you may notice some latency when connecting to your databases. For more information about the types of maintenance and how Redis maintains your subscriptions, see [Maintenance]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance" >}}).

For Redis Cloud Pro plans, Redis will perform maintenance automatically while limiting service disruption as much as possible. If you want to control when Redis performs maintenance for a Redis Cloud Pro subscription, you can [set manual maintenance windows](#set-manual-maintenance-windows) to ensure non-urgent maintenance will occur at set times. Configuring or altering the maintenance window will not have any impact on your subscription or databases.

> Redis Cloud Essentials databases have a set maintenance window based on the region where it is located. See [Essentials maintenance]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance#redis-cloud-essentials" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Redis Cloud Essentials database has a set maintenance window based on the region where it is located. See [Essentials maintenance]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance#redis-cloud-essentials" >}}) for more information.
```

> A Redis Cloud Essentials database has a set maintenance window based on the region where it is located. See [Essentials maintenance]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance#redis-cloud-essentials" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer 2: maybe put it in a note instead of a paragraph
